Update strategy.md (#3395)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/strategy/strategy.md

## Direction for 2022

 * 2 word summary: **Nail self-serve**
    * **Customers**

>         * **Focus on large-mid-market.** E.g. Large initial contracts (~$50k/year+) and smaller deals in organizations that will eventually become  large

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * **Focus on large-mid-market.** E.g. Large initial contracts ($20k-$70k/year) and smaller deals in organizations that will eventually become  large
```

        * **Non Goal:** Start doing outbound sales
    * **Product**
        * **Goals:**
            * **Quality:** Our core features (insights, recordings, feature-flags / experimentation) work like a Swiss watch
            * **Self Service Subscription:** Customers of every size sign-up, start using and subscribe to PostHog without asking us for help
            * **Deployments:** PostHog is the easiest self-hosted product to deploy and scale in the world
        * **Non Goals:**
            * Build lots of new low quality / partial features
            * Build everything a single enterprise customer wants just to close a deal

## Target customers for 2022

> Our ideal customer is an large-mid-market (~$50K) who meets as many of these these criteria as possible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our ideal customer is a large-mid-market (~$20k-70k) who meets as many of these these criteria as possible:
```
